Copyright notice:
----------------

Glomosim is COPYRIGHTED software, and is the intellectual property of
UCLA. Any entity desiring permission to incorporate this software into
commercial products or to use it for commercial purposes should contact:

   Professor Rajive Bagrodia
   University of California, Los Angeles
   Department of Computer Science
   Box 951596
   3532 Boelter Hall
   Los Angeles, CA 90095-1596
   rajive@cs.ucla.edu                                  

Except for the TSMA additions (cataloged below), all files included in
this distribution were not modified in any way. They are delivered in the
exact form that they were received.

CATSS copyrights apply only to those aspects of Glomosim that have been
modified and those additions required to implement the Time-Spread
Multiple-Access (TSMA) protocol.

-------------------

The "classic" version of TSMA has been implemented within UCLA's
GlomoSim library. Simply put, this version of TSMA works as follows:

    Upon receiving a packet p from the network layer,
    a node running TSMA will simply transmit p in each 
    of its assigned slots in a frame, and move on to the 
    next packet in its queue.

    All packets received from the radio layer are simply
    passed up to the network layer for processing.

For a more detailed description of TSMA, please refer to the following
paper:

    Chlamtac, I., Farago, A. "Making Transmission Schedules
    Immune to Topology Changes in Multi-hop Packet Radio
    Networks", IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, vol. 2,
    no. 1, Feb. 1994.

Using TSMA in GlomoSim:
----------------------

1. The included prime number database is limited to the first 170
   prime numbers. Consequently, the included TSMA code is limited to
   simulating networks of at most 1000 nodes.

2. In order to simulate TSMA, you must specify the following two 
   parameters in your configuration file:

    MAC-PROTOCOL   TSMA
    MAX-NODE-DEGREE  7

The first selects TSMA as the protocol to be simulated. The second
is a TSMA input parameter representing an upper-bound on the number of
neighbors a node (Note: Setting this parameter does restrict node 
movement in any way. It only impacts TSMA frame construction). In
general, the smaller the degree, the shorter the TSMA frame length.


TSMA GlomoSim files:
-----------------------

A list of new files that were added in the implementation of TSMA:

    1. tsmaparam.c - computes the minimum TSMA parameters (q 
             and k) necessary for the current number
             of nodes and specified node degree. Note:
             will be compiled into binary named
             tsmaParamGen.

    2. tsmacode.c - computes the TSMA codes for the given q 
            and k parameters from (1). Note: will be 
            compiled into binary called tsmaCodeGen.

    3. tsma.h - header file for TSMA protocol.

    4. tsma.pc - contains implementation of TSMA.
